Ty Harness April 2020

http://www.tyharness.dx.am/tctutorial/index.htm

This is a work in progress - very rough and ready programming.  

I'm writing this software in the UK over this COVID-19 virus pandemic because feeling a bit useless being laid off from work.  The world's poor and vulnerable are going to suffer badly.  We've got to help poorer nations and to control and eradicate the virus.  Please feel free to use what you need to help solve the COVID-19 pandemic.  If you use the code for commercial reasons please give a donation to a charity to help the poor and vulnerable.


Features:
*Mapping.
*Graphing.
*html data tables.
*Micro Electro Mechanical Systems (MEMS) device design.


tyCADv1 - a simple set of c functions for use with computer aided design CAD.  I often find with various CAD applications
that they are limited and I know 5 lines of code will probably solve the problem, but I accept draughtsman and engineers will want to keep using CAD application they love and know how to use.  Therefore here are some independent functions you may
find useful and more productive, hence note it's not a graphical editor/application but genrates data and allows a static interaction via the DXF format so you can import the generated data into the CAD application of your choice.

I'm using a Raspberry PI 3 which has the gnu c compiler included in the default linux distro.  Plus there's a lot of nice open source CAD/graphical applications like LibreCAD, OPENSCAD, gnuplot etc available.  I'm a IMSI TurboCAD man really from my working days - or at least it's the only commercial software I could afford for home use.  The DXF file format although old-fashioned still does the job and nearly
all CAD application can still read DXF.

I'd like to dedicate this software and work to my parents who both died from horrendous respiratory disease.

/*--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

Download from Github and uncompress
You make need to change the file permissions to allow read, write and execute.

From CLI

To compile:
make

To run
./tyCADv1


Choose from the text menu what to export to the output directory


To install use LibreCAD
sudo apt install librecad

from the cd tyCADv1/ouput
librecad UKmapExample.dxf


To use gnuplot
sudo apt install gnuplot

then from the CLI type:

gnuplot 

or just
gnuplot SIRscriptfile -p

the generated SIR.dat file and SIRscriptfile can be found in the output directory.
